Machine learning (ML) is a category of an algorithm that allows software applications to become 
more accurate in predicting outcomes without being explicitly programmed. 

Supervised learning is a technique in which we teach or train the machine using data which is 
well labeled. This approach is similar to human learning under the supervision of a teacher. 
The teacher provides good examples for the student to memorize, and the student then derives 
general rules from these specific examples.

Regression problems: the target is a numeric value.  
Example: determines the average prices of houses in the certain area

Classification problems: the target is a qualitative variable, such as a class or a tag. 
Example: distinguishes between kinds of iris flowers based on their sepal and petal measures.

Unsupervised learning involves training by using unlabeled data 
and allowing the model to act on that information without guidance.
Some recommendation systems that you find on the web in the form of 
marketing automation are based on this type of learning.
The marketing automation algorithm derives its suggestions from what 
you’ve bought in the past. The recommendations are based on an estimation of 
what group of customers you resemble the most and then inferring your likely preferences based on that group.

Reinforcement Learning is a part of Machine learning where an agent is put 
in an environment and he learns to behave in this environment by performing certain 
actions and observing the rewards which it gets from those actions.
In the human world, it is just like learning by trial and error.
Errors help you learn because they have a penalty added (cost, loss of time, regret, 
pain, and so on), teaching you that a certain course of action is less likely to succeed than others. 
Example: when computers learn to play video games by themselves.

Regression analysis is a statistical tool for the investigation of relationships 
between variables. Usually, the investigator seeks to ascertain the causal effect of one 
variable upon another — the effect of a price increase upon demand, for example, or the effect 
of changes in the money supply upon the inflation rate.

A chat bot is a software encoded robot that is able to respond to messages that a user sends
Chatbots are usually found on online shops for faster customer service responds towards template questions
A sample chatbot that has been commercially used as an application is SimSimi

Linear regression is a linear model, e.g. a model that assumes a linear relationship between the input 
variables (x) and the single output variable (y). More specifically, that y can be 
calculated from a linear combination of the input variables (x)